1. Question 1 When the user clicks the submit button of the following form, what will happen? Select all that apply.
```html
    <form method="POST">
    <input type="text" name="username">
    <input type="password" name="password">
    <button type="submit">Log In</button>
    </form>
```
 - It will use the resources of the server unnecessarily.
 - The browser will still allow form submission.
 - The browser will block the form submission.
 - The server-side will prevent the processing of the request if server-side validation is implemented.
 ```
 answer: It will use the resources of the server unnecessarily.
         The browser will still allow form submission.
         The server-side will prevent the processing of the request if server-side validation is implemented.
 explain:
    The browser proceeds with the submission.
    The browser proceeds with the submission.
    The server-side will still pick up the information missing but prevent the processing of the request.
 ```
2. Question 2 What attribute should be added to the `<input>` element to ensure the user provides a response?
 - autocomplete
 - required
 - placeholder
 - pattern
 ```
 answer: required
 explantion: The required attribute specifies that the input field can't be empty.
 ```

3. Question 3 What is the risk of using the HTTP GET method for form submission? Check all that apply.  1 / 1 point
 - The form data will be stored in the browser history.
 - The web address may exceed the maximum length accepted by the web server.
 - The form data will be sent insecurely.
 ```
 ans: all
 ```
4. Question 4 Which of the following is a framework that provides CSS rules for forms and visual consistency? Check all that apply.  0 / 1 point
  - Foundation
  - Tailwind CSS
  - Boilerplate
  - Bootstrap
  ```
  ans: Foundation, Bootstrap,Tailwind CSS
  ```
5. Question 5 The web browser sends a ____ to the web server, and the web server sends back a ____. This is done by means of the HTTP ____ method which accepts values as part of the URL or the HTTP ____ method which submits the values in our form as part of the request.  Fill in the blank with the correct order from the options below:
 A. GET
 B. POST
 C. Request
 D. Response
 - ABDC
 - ABCD
 - CDAB
 - CDBA
 ```
 ans: CDAB
 ```
6. Question 6 Which of the following values can fill the blank?  The form action attribute consists of _____ as values. Select all that apply.  1 / 1 point
 - form status
 - Relative URL
 - HTTP Requests
 - An absolute URL
 ```
 ans: Relative URL, An absolute URL
 ```